The experience of being part of a team responsible for guiding and motivating participants seems enriching to me. Additionally, I am highly interested in the 42 education model, so I would love to learn more about how the school operates.

I am currently dedicated to improving my technical skills, given that I come from a completely different field and am aiming for a successful career transition. To do that, I recognize the need to immerse myself deeply into gaining the necessary knowledge. Also, my future goal is to integrate into a collaborative, diverse, and positive work team, so, I'm focusing on enhance my communication, organizational, and leadership skills to secure a position that not only allows me to contribute effectively but also provides a good work-life balance. 

I aspire to a leadership or project management role in my future professional development journey, and I believe that enhancing my skills in that area will help me achieve this. Furthermore, to be honest, I aim to enter the job market as soon as possible. Since I come from a healthcare background, my current professional experiences do not have a direct correlation with the technology sector, and recognizing the need to diversify my skill set, I believe adding a Junior Lifeguard position to my resume would showcase my commitment to new challenges and bring a relevant tech aspect to my profile, essential for my career pivot. Overall, the role of Junior Lifeguard presents an opportunity for me to develop leadership and team-work skills and incorporate a technology-related experience into my professional profile.

I typically prioritize tasks based on their importance and urgency. Additionally, if a task involves multiple resolution steps, I often set deadlines for each step based on its complexity and requirements. As for tools, I used to use Trello in collaboration with the research group I was part of. However, while I'm working independently, I commonly rely on Google Calendar and create 'to do' lists on Notes to organize my goals and objectives.

I believe that a developer should have effective problem-solving, analysis, and issue identification skills. Adaptability is crucial due to the continuously evolving nature of the field, with new technologies and methodologies emerging regularly. Therefore, the ability for proactive and continuous learning is essential in this dynamic environment, enabling developers to adapt to new languages and tools.

Collaboration and teamwork, creativity, resiliance and time management are essential.

Having worked in another professional field, I have the maturity to handle and effectively solve problems positively. Additionally, I bring a range of soft skills to the table, including those acquired during my experience as a teacher and associate researcher. Furthermore, I believe it can be motivating for future "pisciners" to have an example of a career transition in the team, since we have a very diverse profile among the participants (personally, for me, it was important to know it was possible, and Arsenio, or "crash", served as inspiration many times).